So we used Git locally,
on our machine, and that's idea behind Git.
It is a tool you use locally on a machine.
We created commits,
worked with branches,
and now we have this history of commits here.
Now, of course, if you're only working locally with Git,
that has a couple of disadvantages.
For example, if your computer crashes,
and you can't recover it,
your data, and this includes your development projects,
will be lost.
Collaborating with team members, or colleagues,
is also unnecessarily hard,
because you basically need to manually copy the code,
across different machines,
for example, with USB sticks,
or as attachments on emails,
or anything like that.
And the same is true if you ever need to switch machines.
If you are traveling,
and you have a different laptop with you,
than you normally use for development,
you don't have immediate access to your code.
That's why we have GitHub.
GitHub has the term Git in its name,
but the company doesn't own the Git tool.
Git is an independent tool,
and GitHub is an independent company.
But GitHub is a company that's built around Git,
you could say.
It offers various services related to Git,
and most importantly,
it allows you to store your Git Repositories,
and therefore your code,
in the cloud, in so-called GitHub Repositories,
which are simply code storage buckets,
you could say, created in your GitHub account.
And if you are using GitHub,
and those GitHub Repositories,
then you can store your code there,
and use that as a backup strategy.
But you can also easily share it with other users,
or with yourself, on a different device.
In addition, GitHub also offers many other services,
that make project management,
bug tracking, and automation, a breeze.
It's also worth noting that GitHub isn't the only company
providing these kinds of services.
There are other companies as well,
like GitLab, which sounds similar,
but is a different company.
But this course is about GitHub Actions,
and therefore we'll focus on GitHub here.